former c30 electric event is all about
testing the electric car in really
extreme cold climates
starting with coal chambers with extreme
temperature and getting the car warm
quickly in the Volvo c30 electric we
have a unique climate system which is
adapted to electric drive where you
don't have a combustion engine
giving you the warmth that you need for
the occupants the car holds three
different heating elements which smartly
cooperate to give you the desired heat
in the car getting in it when it was
that cold you know the inside of the car
was minus 25 when we got in hit and it
was very noticeably cold and how fast
that heated I was using 10 kilowatts of
power most of the time I was driving out
it was so very low energy use which
shows that the heating isn't being isn't
sucking power out of the battery it got
so hot that I turned the heating off it
got so hot but I turned the heated seats
off and that all happened in a space of
about five minutes from being minus 30
degrees Fahrenheit to being plus 20 this
car has heated up in five minutes and
that's facts to its ethanol heater which
uses liquid fuel to heat the car and
saves the battery power for the
important thing making the wheels go
round
thanks to its very innovative heating
system excellent traction control good
tire and handling characteristics it's
actually blowing me away